New Providers UI (#402)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/adding-source-provider.adoc

[IMPORTANT]
====
Migration using {osp} source providers is a Technology Preview feature only. Technology Preview features
are not supported with Red Hat production service level agreements (SLAs) and
might not be functionally complete. Red Hat does not recommend using them
in production. These features provide early access to upcoming product
features, enabling customers to test functionality and provide feedback during
the development process.
For more information about the support scope of Red Hat Technology Preview
features, see https://access.redhat.com/support/offerings/techpreview/.
====

[NOTE]
====
Migration using {osp} source providers only supports VMs that use only Cinder volumes.
====
endif::[]
ifdef::cnv[]
= Adding a Red Hat {virt} source provider

You can add a Red Hat {virt} source provider by using the {ocp} web console.

.Prerequisites

* TBD
endif::[]

.Procedure

. In the {ocp} web console, click *Migration* -> *Providers for virtualization*.
. Click *Create Provider*.
ifdef::vmware[]
. Click *VMware vSphere*.
. Specify the following fields:

* *Provider resource name*: Name to display in the list of providers.
* *URL*: Endpoint.

> * *VDDK init image*: VDDKInitImage path.If left empty, some functionality will not be available.

Author: @yaacov @ahadas Do we want a note about why it's a bad idea to leave it blank or do we want to just tell them to fill im the info? Is this a detail users might have trouble finding or are likely to leave blank for some other reason?

> * *VDDK init image*: VDDKInitImage path.If left empty, some functionality will not be available.

Reviewer: @RichardHoch due to licensing issues we are not able to provider VDDK image with MTV and users are supposed to create the image themselves so it can be handy, in some scenarios, to skip it. we should highlight that it is strongly recommended to use VDDK in order to accelerate migrations

> * *VDDK init image*: VDDKInitImage path.If left empty, some functionality will not be available.

Author: Suggestion:
* *VDDK init image*: `VDDKInitImage` path. It is strongly recommended to create a VDDK init image to accelerate migrations.

* *Username*: vCenter user, for example, `user@vsphere.local`.
* *Password*: vCenter user password.
* *SHA-1 fingerprint*: [TBD.

. To allow a migration without validating the provider's CA certificate, select the *Skip certificate validation* check box. By default, the checkbox is cleared, meaning that the certificate will be validated.
endif::[]
ifdef::rhv[]
. Click *Red Hat Virtualization*.
. Specify the following fields:

* *Provider resource name*: Name to display in the list of providers
* *URL*: Endpoint
* *Username*: Username
* *Password*: Password

. To allow a migration without validating the provider's CA certificate, select the *Skip certificate validation* check box. By default, the checkbox is cleared, meaning that the certificate will be validated.

> . If you did not select *skip certificate validation*, the *CA certificate - leave empty to use system certificates* field is visible. Drag the CA certificate to the text box or browse for it and click *Select*. Use the {manager} CA certificate or {manager} Apache CA certificate if the {manager} CA certificate was replaced by a third-party certificate on the Apache server. If you did select the check box, the *CA certificate* text box is not visible.

Reviewer 2: we need better phrasing here to be clear about the user options
- skip verification
- don't skip verification and use system certs
- don't skip verification and use custom certs

Author: @yaacov @ahadas As far as i can tell, we _validate_ certificates and _verify_ signatures.  @anarnold97 Do you agree?

Author: @yaacov @ahadas 

How's this? [also in the file and in the preview now]

. Choose one of the following options for validating a CA certificate:

** *Skip validation* : Migrate without validating a CA certificate.
** *Use the system CA certiicate*: Migrate after validating the system CA certificate.
** *Use a custom CA certificate*: Migrate after validating a custom CA certificate.

.. To skip validation, select the *Skip certificate validation* check box.
.. To validate the system CA certfiticate, leave the *Skip certificate validation* check box cleared and leave the *CA certificate* text box empty.
.. To validate a custom CA certificate, leave the *Skip certificate validation* check box cleared and _either_ drag the CA certificate to the text box _or_ browse for it and click *Select*.

Reviewer 3: @RichardHoch - i do like the additional formatting as it looks much cleaner and is easier to read.

@yaacov & @ahadas - this cool with you?

Author: @yaacov @ahadas  Is this wording OK?

Reviewer: > @RichardHoch - i do like the additional formatting as it looks much cleaner and is easier to read.

+1

> @yaacov @ahadas Is this wording OK?

it looks good besides the `the system CA certificate` part as it suggests there's a single system certificate, I'd change it to `the system CA certificates`

.Prerequisites

* TBD
endif::[]
ifdef::ostack[]
= Adding an {osp} source provider

You can add an {osp} source provider by using the {ocp} web console.

[NOTE]
====
Migration using {osp} source providers only supports VMs that use only Cinder volumes.
====
endif::[]
ifdef::cnv[]
= Adding a Red Hat {virt} source provider

You can add a Red Hat {virt} source provider by using the {ocp} web console.

.Prerequisites

* TBD
endif::[]

.Procedure

. In the {ocp} web console, click *Migration* -> *Providers for virtualization*.
. Click *Create Provider*.
ifdef::vmware[]
. Click *VMware vSphere*.
. Specify the following fields:

* *Provider resource name*: Name to display in the list of providers.
* *URL*: Endpoint.
* *VDDK init image*: `VDDKInitImage` path. It is strongly recommended to create a VDDK init image to accelerate migrations.
* *Username*: vCenter user, for example, `user@vsphere.local`.
* *Password*: vCenter user password.
* *SHA-1 fingerprint*: The provider currently requires the SHA-1 fingerprint of the vCenter Server's TLS certificate in all circumstances. vSphere calls this the server's thumbprint.

> 

Author: @ahadas @yaacov This is the definition of SHA-1 fingerprint that is in the UI now. Do you want to keep it or change it?

//This is the current text from the UI.

. Choose one of the following options for validating a CA certificate:

** *Skip validation* : Migrate without validating a CA certificate.
** *Use the system CA certiicate*: Migrate after validating the system CA certificate.
** *Use a custom CA certificate*: Migrate after validating a custom CA certificate.

.. To skip validation, select the *Skip certificate validation* check box.

> .. To validate the system CA certfiticate, leave the *Skip certificate validation* check box cleared and leave the *CA certificate* text box empty.

Reviewer 3: **certfiticate** => **certificate**

.. To validate a custom CA certificate, leave the *Skip certificate validation* check box cleared and _either_ drag the CA certificate to the text box _or_ browse for it and click *Select*.
endif::[]
ifdef::rhv[]
. Click *Red Hat Virtualization*
. Specify the following fields:

> thats

Reviewer 3: Not sure

* *Provider resource name*: Name to display in the list of providers
* *URL*: API endpoint of the virtual machine being imported from {rhv-short}
* *Username*: Username
* *Password*: Password

. Choose one of the following options for validating a CA certificate:

** *Skip validation* : Migrate without validating a CA certificate.
** *Use the system CA certiicate*: Migrate after validating the system CA certificate.
** *Use a custom CA certificate*: Migrate after validating a custom CA certificate.

.. To skip validation, select the *Skip certificate validation* check box.

> .. To validate the system CA certfiticate, leave the *Skip certificate validation* check box cleared and leave the *CA certificate* text box empty.

Reviewer 3: **certfiticate** =>> **certificate**

Reviewer 3: if you copy and paste a phrase, check it does not have a typo! LOL

.. To validate a custom CA certificate, leave the *Skip certificate validation* check box cleared and _either_ drag the CA certificate to the text box _or_ browse for it and click *Select*.
endif::[]
ifdef::ova[]
. Click *Open Virtual Appliance (OVA)*.
. Specify the following fields:

* *Provider resource name*: Name to display in the list of providers
* *URL*: URL of the NFS file share that serves the OVA
endif::[]
ifdef::ostack[]
. Click *Red Hat OpenStack Platform*.
. Specify the following fields:

> * *Provider reasource name*: Name to display in the list of providers.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
* *Provider resource name*: Name to display in the list of providers.
```

* *URL*: {osp} Identity (Keystone) endpoint, for example, `http://controller:5000/v3`.
* *Authentication type*: Choose one of the following methods of authentication and supply the information related to your choice. For example, if you choose *Application credential ID* as the authentication type, the *Application credential ID* and the *Application Secret* fields become active and you need to supply the ID and Secret.

> 

Author: @mmartinv: These are the definitions I would like you to check. Any other comments are welcome, too, of course. Thanks.

features, enabling customers to test functionality and provide feedback during the development process.
For more information about the support scope of Red Hat Technology Preview
features, see https://access.redhat.com/support/offerings/techpreview/.
====
endif::[]
ifdef::ostack[]
= Adding an {osp} source provider

You can add an {osp} source provider by using the {ocp} web console.

[NOTE]
====
Migration using {osp} source providers only supports VMs that use only Cinder volumes.
====
endif::[]
ifdef::cnv[]
= Adding a Red Hat {virt} source provider

You can add a Red Hat {virt} source provider by using the {ocp} web console.

.Prerequisites

* TBD
endif::[]

.Procedure

. In the {ocp} web console, click *Migration* -> *Providers for virtualization*.
. Click *Create Provider*.
ifdef::vmware[]
. Click *VMware vSphere*.
. Specify the following fields:

> * *Provider resource name*: Name to display in the list of providers.

Author: Fixed, but @yaacov, I suggest Provider resource name

* *URL*: Endpoint.
* *VDDK init image*: `VDDKInitImage` path. It is strongly recommended to create a VDDK init image to accelerate migrations.
* *Username*: vCenter user, for example, `user@vsphere.local`.
* *Password*: vCenter user password.
* *SHA-1 fingerprint*: The provider currently requires the SHA-1 fingerprint of the vCenter Server's TLS certificate in all circumstances. vSphere calls this the server's thumbprint.

> +

Reviewer: @yaacov IIUC you checked this part, right?

> +

Reviewer 2: no, not yet ...

> +

Reviewer 2: @RichardHoch hi, the text is fluid in this state, I will appreciate a suggestion for better text, but the current text is fine by me too ...

//This is the current text from the UI.

. Choose one of the following options for validating a CA certificate:

** *Skip validation* : Migrate without validating a CA certificate.

> ** *Use the system CA certificate*: Migrate after validating the system CA certificate.

Reviewer 5: As you can see that there is no `CA certificate` text box, users don't need to decide if to validate the system CA certificate or the custom CA certificate. 
So the part of `Use the system CA certificate`, `Use a custom CA certificate`, `To validate the system CA certificate...`, and `To validate a custom CA certificate...` are a bit confusing.

> ** *Use the system CA certificate*: Migrate after validating the system CA certificate.

Reviewer: yeah, for vsphere it's different - we planned to re-introduce the ability to fetch the certificate from vsphere and say "I trust this certificate" like [we had in the standalone UI](https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/migration_toolkit_for_virtualization/2.3/html-single/installing_and_using_the_migration_toolkit_for_virtualization/index) but it appeared to be more complex than we thought and we ended up in this situation that we enable either: (1) to use the system certificates; or (2) skip certificate validation
@yaacov please keep me honest that this is what we agreed on

> ** *Use the system CA certificate*: Migrate after validating the system CA certificate.

Author: Got it. My mistake.

. Specify the following fields:

* *Provider resource name*: Name to display in the list of providers
* *URL*: API endpoint of the virtual machine being imported from {rhv-short}
* *Username*: Username
* *Password*: Password

. Choose one of the following options for validating a CA certificate:

** *Skip validation* : Migrate without validating a CA certificate.
** *Use the system CA certificate*: Migrate after validating the system CA certificate.
** *Use a custom CA certificate*: Migrate after validating a custom CA certificate.

.. To skip validation, select the *Skip certificate validation* check box.
.. To validate the system CA certificate, leave the *Skip certificate validation* check box cleared and leave the *CA certificate* text box empty.
.. To validate a custom CA certificate, leave the *Skip certificate validation* check box cleared and _either_ drag the CA certificate to the text box _or_ browse for it and click *Select*.
endif::[]
ifdef::ova[]
. Click *Open Virtual Appliance (OVA)*.
. Specify the following fields:

* *Provider resource name*: Name to display in the list of providers
* *URL*: URL of the NFS file share that serves the OVA
endif::[]
ifdef::ostack[]

> . Click *Red Hat OpenStack Platform*.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
. Click *OpenStack*.
```

. Specify the following fields:

> * *Provider resource name*: Name to display in the list of providers.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
* *Provider Resource Name*: Name to display in the list of providers.
```

* *URL*: {osp} Identity (Keystone) endpoint, for example, `http://controller:5000/v3`.
* *Authentication type*: Choose one of the following methods of authentication and supply the information related to your choice. For example, if you choose *Application credential ID* as the authentication type, the *Application credential ID* and the *Application Secret* fields become active, and you need to supply the ID and Secret.

> ** *Application credential ID*

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
** *Application Credential ID*
```

> *** *Application credential ID*: {osp} application credential ID

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
*** *Application Credential ID*: {osp} application credential ID
```

Author: Fixed.

> *** *Application credential secret*: {osp} application credential `Secret`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
*** *Application Credential Secret*: {osp} application credential `Secret`
```

> ** *Application credential name*

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
** *Application Credential Name*
```

> *** *Application credential name*: {osp} application credential name

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
*** *Application Credential Name*: {osp} application credential name
```

> *** *Application credential secret*: : {osp} application credential `Secret`

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
*** *Application Credential Secret*: : {osp} application credential `Secret`
```

*** *Username*: {osp} username
*** *Domain*: {osp} domain

** *Token with User ID*
*** *Token*: {osp} token
*** *User ID*: {osp} user ID
*** *Project ID*:  {osp} project ID

> ** *Token with user name*

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
** *Token with User Name*
```

*** *Token*: {osp} token
*** *Username*: {osp} username
*** *Project*: {osp} project

> *** *Domain name*: {osp} domain name

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
*** *Domain Name*: {osp} domain name
```

** *Password*
*** *Username*: {osp} username
*** *Password*: {osp} password
*** *Project*: {osp} project
*** *Domain*: {osp} domain

. Choose one of the following options for validating a CA certificate:

** *Skip validation* : Migrate without validating a CA certificate.
** *Use the system CA certificate*: Migrate after validating the system CA certificate.
** *Use a custom CA certificate*: Migrate after validating a custom CA certificate.

.. To skip validation, select the *Skip certificate validation* check box.
.. To validate the system CA certificate, leave the *Skip certificate validation* check box cleared and leave the *CA certificate* text box empty.
.. To validate a custom CA certificate, leave the *Skip certificate validation* check box cleared and _either_ drag the CA certificate to the text box _or_ browse for it and click *Select*.
endif::[]
ifdef::cnv[]
. Click *{virt}*.
. Specify the following fields:

> * *Provider resource name*: Name to display in the list of providers

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
* *Provider Resource Name*: Name to display in the list of providers
```

* {manager} CA certificate, unless it was replaced by a third-party certificate, in which case, specify the {manager} Apache CA certificate
endif::[]
ifdef::ova[]
= Adding an Open Virtual Appliance (OVA) source provider

> You can add an Open Virtual Appliance (OVA) source provider that originated from or is comatible with VMware vSphere by using the {ocp} web console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add an Open Virtual Appliance (OVA) source provider that originated from or is compatible with VMware vSphere by using the {ocp} web console.
```
besides the typo, I think we should phrase it a bit differently: we support imports of OVAs that were exported from vSphere and we may be able to import OVAs that are compatible with vSphere
as [the virt-v2v guys wrote](https://libguestfs.org/virt-v2v-input-vmware.1.html): "With this method you must first export the guest (eg. from vSphere) as an .ova file, which virt-v2v can then read directly. Note this method only works with files exported from VMware, not OVA files that come from other hypervisors or management systems, since OVA is only a pretend standard and is not compatible or interoperable between vendors."
and indeed we had issue in the past with OVA files that were exported from other systems and were supposedly compatible with vSphere

Author: Suggested rephrasing: "You can add an Open Virtual Appliance (OVA) source provider that was imported from VMware vSphere by using the {ocp} web console. It is possible to use an OVA source provider that is _compatible_ with vSphere but the migration might fail. "

* *URL*: Endpoint.
* *VDDK init image*: VDDKInitImage path.If left empty, some functionality will not be available.
* *Username*: vCenter user, for example, `user@vsphere.local`.
* *Password*: vCenter user password.
* *SHA-1 fingerprint*: [TBD].

. Choose one of the following options for validating a CA certificate:

** *Skip validation* : Migrate without validating a CA certificate.
** *Use the system CA certiicate*: Migrate after validating the system CA certificate.
** *Use a custom CA certificate*: Migrate after validating a custom CA certificate.

.. To skip validation, select the *Skip certificate validation* check box.
.. To validate the system CA certfiticate, leave the *Skip certificate validation* check box cleared and leave the *CA certificate* text box empty.
.. To validate a custom CA certificate, leave the *Skip certificate validation* check box cleared and _either_ drag the CA certificate to the text box _or_ browse for it and click *Select*.
endif::[]
ifdef::rhv[]
. Click *Red Hat Virtualization*
. Specify the following fields:
thats
* *Provider resource name*: Name to display in the list of providers

> * *URL*: Endpoint

Reviewer: Endpoint -> API endpoint of RHVM

Author: @yaacov -- for UI, also.

Author: @ahadas Suggested rephrasing: "API endpoint of the virtual machine being imported from {rhv-short}"

* *Username*: Username
* *Password*: Password

. Choose one of the following options for validating a CA certificate:

** *Skip validation* : Migrate without validating a CA certificate.
** *Use the system CA certiicate*: Migrate after validating the system CA certificate.
** *Use a custom CA certificate*: Migrate after validating a custom CA certificate.

.. To skip validation, select the *Skip certificate validation* check box.
.. To validate the system CA certfiticate, leave the *Skip certificate validation* check box cleared and leave the *CA certificate* text box empty.
.. To validate a custom CA certificate, leave the *Skip certificate validation* check box cleared and _either_ drag the CA certificate to the text box _or_ browse for it and click *Select*.
endif::[]
ifdef::ova[]
. Click *Open Virtual Appliance (OVA)*.
. Specify the following fields:

* *Provider resource name*: Name to display in the list of providers

> * *URL*: OVA server endpoint

Reviewer: that a bit misleading since we're the ones that set up the OVA server, it should rather be the URL to the NFS-share that serves the OVA(s)

Author: @yaacov -- for UI, also.

Author: @ahadas -- How's this? "URL of the NFS file share that serves the OVA"

Author: @ahadas Is the suggested wording OK?

endif::[]
ifdef::ostack[]
. Click *Red Hat OpenStack Platform*.
. Specify the following fields:

* *Provider reasource name*: Name to display in the list of providers.

> * *URL*: Endpoint.

Reviewer: Endpoint -> identity server URL 
(the way it currently appears in the documentation is great)

Author: @yaacov -- for UI, also.

Author: @ahadas Current text restored (using attribute).

* *Authentication type*: Choose one of the following methods of authentication and supply the information related to your choice. For example, if you choose *Application credential ID* as the authentication type, the *Application credential ID* and the *Application Secret* fields become active and you need to supply the ID and Secret.

** *Password*
*** *Username*
*** *Password*
*** *Project*
*** *Domain*

** *Token with User ID*
*** *Token*
*** *User ID*
*** *Project ID*

** *Token with user name*
*** *Token*
*** *Username*
*** *Project*
*** *User domanin name*

** *Application credential ID*
*** *Application credential ID*
*** *Application credential secret*

** *Application credential name*
*** *Application credential name*
*** *Application credential secret*
*** *Username*
*** *Domain*

> 

Author: @mmartinv @ahadas Do lines 151-159 below resolve the UI portion of this OpenStack Jira? https://issues.redhat.com/browse/MTV-552

This is step 5 of section 4.1.1.2 in the preview mentioned in the description.

Reviewer 4: @RichardHoch It looks like *User domain name* must be replaced with *Domain name* as per https://github.com/kubev2v/forklift-console-plugin/issues/591

Author: Fixed.

* {manager} CA certificate, unless it was replaced by a third-party certificate, in which case, specify the {manager} Apache CA certificate
endif::[]

> ifdef::ova[]

Reviewer: and add OVA after OSP

Author: @ahadas FYI, the order of the ifdef statements in adding-source-provider.doc does not affect the order they appear. The order they appear in is determined by what is in the master.adoc file.  I thought we agreed that we would follow the order of the providers in the UI -- and when the order in the UI changes, the order in the documentation will change. Would you prefer me to change the order now?

Reviewer: I thought we already changed the order in the UI but I see we didn't - wrote to @yaacov on Jira about it
but yeah, to your question - I think it's better to have a reasonable order in the documentation rather than following the order of the items in the UI, in case those two are different

Reviewer 2: https://github.com/kubev2v/forklift-console-plugin/pull/698 - merged upstream

= Adding an Open Virtual Appliance (OVA) source provider

You can add Open Virtual Appliance (OVA) files that were created by or are compatible with VMware vSphere as source providers.

[IMPORTANT]
====
Migration using Open Virtual Application (OVA) files that were created by or are compatible with VMware vSphere as source providers is a Technology Preview feature only. Technology Preview features are not supported with Red Hat production service level agreements (SLAs) and might not be functionally complete. Red Hat does not recommend using them in production. These features provide early access to upcoming product
features, enabling customers to test functionality and provide feedback during the development process.
For more information about the support scope of Red Hat Technology Preview
features, see https://access.redhat.com/support/offerings/techpreview/.
====

> endif::[]

Reviewer: I suppose #410 would be a better place for this comment but we should have a `.Prerequisites` section that asks the user to place the OVAs on an NFS share

Author: @ahadas We have a prerequisites section for each of the types of source providers before the installing the Operator section. So  that's where I've put the OVA prerequisites we discussed. Would you like me to add a prerequisites section for OVA here? Most of the source providers don't have prerequisites in the "Create providers" section.

Reviewer: ack

ifdef::ostack[]
= Adding an {osp} source provider

You can add an {osp} source provider by using the {ocp} web console.

[NOTE]
====
Migration using {osp} source providers only supports VMs that use only Cinder volumes.
====
endif::[]
ifdef::cnv[]
= Adding a Red Hat {virt} source provider

You can add a Red Hat {virt} source provider by using the {ocp} web console.

.Prerequisites

* TBD
endif::[]
ifdef::cnv2[]
= Adding {a-virt} destination provider

You can add {a-virt} destination provider to the {ocp} web console in addition to the default {virt} destination provider, which is the provider where you installed {project-short}.

.Prerequisites

* You must have {a-virt} link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/{ocp-version}/html/authentication_and_authorization/using-service-accounts[service account token] with `cluster-admin` privileges.
endif::[]

.Procedure

. In the {ocp} web console, click *Migration* -> *Providers for virtualization*.
. Click *Create Provider*.
ifdef::vmware[]
. Click *vSphere*.
. Specify the following fields:

* *Provider Resource Name*: Name to display in the list of providers.
* *URL*: Endpoint.

> * *VDDK Init Image*: `VDDKInitImage` path. It is strongly recommended to create a VDDK init image to accelerate migrations.

Reviewer: the wording looks good to me, can we also link to the `Creating a VDDK image` section here?

Reviewer 2: yes, we have a bug for adding more information in hints:
I'll add this to:
https://github.com/kubev2v/forklift-console-plugin/issues/541

Reviewer: @yaacov that would be great but I meant adding the link to the documentation :)

Reviewer 3: This should work:
```
xref:../master.adoc#creating-vddk-image_mtv[Creating a VDDK image]
```
Please double-check @RichardHoch

Author: @anarnold97 Yes!

* *Password*: vCenter user password.
* *SHA-1 fingerprint*: The provider currently requires the SHA-1 fingerprint of the vCenter Server's TLS certificate in all circumstances. vSphere calls this the server's thumbprint.
+
//This is the current text from the UI.

. Choose one of the following options for validating a CA certificate:

** *Skip validation* : Migrate without validating a CA certificate.
** *Use the system CA certificate*: Migrate after validating the system CA certificate.
** *Use a custom CA certificate*: Migrate after validating a custom CA certificate.

.. To skip validation, select the *Skip certificate validation* check box.
.. To validate the system CA certificate, leave the *Skip certificate validation* check box cleared and leave the *CA certificate* text box empty.
.. To validate a custom CA certificate, leave the *Skip certificate validation* check box cleared and _either_ drag the CA certificate to the text box _or_ browse for it and click *Select*.
endif::[]
ifdef::rhv[]
. Click *Red Hat Virtualization*
. Specify the following fields:

* *Provider Resource Name*: Name to display in the list of providers

> * *URL*: API endpoint of the virtual machine being imported from {rhv-short}

Reviewer: that's incorrect, it's not an endpoint of the vm - but of RHVM/ovirt-engine

Reviewer: I'll comment on the modified text

* *Username*: Username
* *Password*: Password

. Choose one of the following options for validating a CA certificate:

** *Skip validation* : Migrate without validating a CA certificate.
** *Use the system CA certificate*: Migrate after validating the system CA certificate.
** *Use a custom CA certificate*: Migrate after validating a custom CA certificate.

.. To skip validation, select the *Skip certificate validation* check box.
.. To validate the system CA certificate, leave the *Skip certificate validation* check box cleared and leave the *CA certificate* text box empty.
.. To validate a custom CA certificate, leave the *Skip certificate validation* check box cleared and _either_ drag the CA certificate to the text box _or_ browse for it and click *Select*.
endif::[]
ifdef::ova[]
. Click *Open Virtual Appliance (OVA)*.
. Specify the following fields:

* *Provider Resource Name*: Name to display in the list of providers
* *URL*: URL of the NFS file share that serves the OVA
endif::[]
ifdef::ostack[]
. Click *OpenStack*.
. Specify the following fields:

* *Provider Resource Name*: Name to display in the list of providers.

> * *URL*: {osp} Identity (Keystone) endpoint, for example, `http://controller:5000/v3`.

Reviewer: that's good

*** *Project ID*:  {osp} project ID

** *Token with User Name*
*** *Token*: {osp} token
*** *Username*: {osp} username
*** *Project*: {osp} project
*** *Domain Name*: {osp} domain name

** *Password*
*** *Username*: {osp} username
*** *Password*: {osp} password
*** *Project*: {osp} project
*** *Domain*: {osp} domain

. Choose one of the following options for validating a CA certificate:

** *Skip validation* : Migrate without validating a CA certificate.
** *Use the system CA certificate*: Migrate after validating the system CA certificate.
** *Use a custom CA certificate*: Migrate after validating a custom CA certificate.

.. To skip validation, select the *Skip certificate validation* check box.
.. To validate the system CA certificate, leave the *Skip certificate validation* check box cleared and leave the *CA certificate* text box empty.
.. To validate a custom CA certificate, leave the *Skip certificate validation* check box cleared and _either_ drag the CA certificate to the text box _or_ browse for it and click *Select*.
endif::[]
ifdef::cnv[]
. Click *{virt}*.
. Specify the following fields:

* *Provider Resource Name*: Name to display in the list of providers

> * *URL*: Endpoint

Reviewer: we can say that this is the API server's endpoint

> * *Service Account Token*: User or server account bearer token

Reviewer: did you mean `service account bearer token`?

Reviewer 2: Note:
in the UI is was "Service Account Token"
fixed by 699 to be "Service account bearer token" [using sentence case]

https://github.com/kubev2v/forklift-console-plugin/pull/699 - merged upstream

endif::[]
ifdef::cnv2[]

> . Click *{virt}*.

Reviewer: why do we have this twice?

Author: cnv is for OpenShift Virtualization as a source provider
cnv2 is for OpenShift Virtualization as a destination provider
Both use the same module with conditional text.

* {manager} CA certificate, unless it was replaced by a third-party certificate, in which case, specify the {manager} Apache CA certificate
endif::[]
ifdef::ova[]
= Adding an Open Virtual Appliance (OVA) source provider

> You can add Open Virtual Appliance (OVA) files that were created by or are compatible with VMware vSphere as source providers.

Reviewer: you meant adding a provider (not files) or import files, right?

Author: @ahadas Adding OVA files created by VMware vSphere as a source provider. I can add the nuance about compatibility in a note, if that's better.

[IMPORTANT]
====
Migration using Open Virtual Application (OVA) files as source providers is a Technology Preview feature only. Technology Preview features are not supported with Red Hat production service level agreements (SLAs) and might not be functionally complete. Red Hat does not recommend using them in production. These features provide early access to upcoming product features, enabling customers to test functionality and provide feedback during the development process.

For more information about the support scope of Red Hat Technology Preview
features, see https://access.redhat.com/support/offerings/techpreview/.
====
endif::[]
ifdef::ostack[]
= Adding an {osp} source provider

You can add an {osp} source provider by using the {ocp} web console.

[NOTE]
====
Migration using {osp} source providers only supports VMs that use only Cinder volumes.
====
endif::[]
ifdef::cnv[]
= Adding a Red Hat {virt} source provider

You can add a Red Hat {virt} source provider by using the {ocp} web console.

endif::[]
ifdef::cnv2[]
= Adding {a-virt} destination provider

> You can add another {virt} destination provider to the {ocp} web console in addition to the default {virt} destination provider, which is the provider where you installed {project-short}.

Reviewer 6: Two comments:
1. This sentence is relevant for an ocp provider, regardless if it's used as a source or as a destination. Currently it's mentioned only when ocp is added as a destination.
(please see my next comment on this  as well).

2. There is an option to add more than one "Host cluster" default ocp provider. We are not blocking it. So worth mentioning that the user can always leave the url and 'Service account bearer token' fields empty for adding more than one default ocp providers, while all are referenced to the same one.

Reviewer: > 1. This sentence is relevant for an ocp provider, regardless if it's used as a source or as a destination. Currently it's mentioned only when ocp is added as a destination.

right, in MTV <= 2.3 the assumption was that providers are created in the openshift-mtv namespace (because that's what the UI allowed) and with the new UI, we rather expect providers to be defined in other namespaces - so adding the 'Host cluster' automatically is not that important anymore

@RichardHoch there are couple of things here:
1. mention that the same OpenShift Virtualization provider can be used as both source and destination provider
2. that specifically the automatically added 'Host cluster' can be used as both source and destination provider
3. mention that the migration can happen from the cluster that MTV is deployed on to another cluster and vice versa (from a remote cluster to the cluster that MTV is deployed on)

> 2. There is an option to add more than one "Host cluster" default ocp provider. We are not blocking it. So worth mentioning that the user can always leave the url and 'Service account bearer token' fields empty for adding more than one default ocp providers, while all are referenced to the same one.

we do it for the destination provider:
```
Service account token: Specify the cluster-admin service account token.

If both URL and Service account token are left blank, the local OpenShift cluster is used.
```
@RichardHoch that should appear in the section for source OpenShift Virtualization provider as well

Author: @ahadas The last comment is from the 2.4 documentation -- I am using it now as the definition for *Server account bearer token* for both OCP source and destination providers.

.Prerequisites

* You must have {a-virt} link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/{ocp-version}/html/authentication_and_authorization/using-service-accounts[service account token] with `cluster-admin` privileges.
endif::[]

.Procedure

. In the {ocp} web console, click *Migration* -> *Providers for virtualization*.
. Click *Create Provider*.
ifdef::vmware[]

> . Click *vSphere*.

Reviewer: interestingly, we got a request to say vSphere rather than VMware in the documentation because he got the wrong impression that we support imports from ESX. so that's good!

Author: :)

* *Provider resource name*: Name to display in the list of providers.
* *URL*: Endpoint.
* *VDDK init image*: `VDDKInitImage` path. It is strongly recommended to create a VDDK init image to accelerate migrations. For more information, see xref:../master.adoc#creating-vddk-image_mtv[Creating a VDDK image].
* *Username*: vCenter user, for example, `user@vsphere.local`.
* *Password*: vCenter user password.
* *SHA-1 fingerprint*: The provider currently requires the SHA-1 fingerprint of the vCenter Server's TLS certificate in all circumstances. vSphere calls this the server's thumbprint.
+

. Choose one of the following options for validating CA certificates:

** *Skip certificate validation* : Migrate without validating a CA certificate.
** *Use the system CA certificates*: Migrate after validating the system CA certificates.

.. To skip certificate validation, select the *Skip certificate validation* check box.
.. To validate the system CA certificates, leave the *Skip certificate validation* check box cleared.
endif::[]
ifdef::rhv[]
. Click *Red Hat Virtualization*
. Specify the following fields:

* *Provider resource name*: Name to display in the list of providers

> * *URL*: API endpoint of the {rhv-short} platform on which the source VM is mounted

Reviewer: I see we call it RHV manager (rather than RHV platform) in other places - it would be better to be consistent here

* *Username*: Username
* *Password*: Password

. Choose one of the following options for validating CA certificates:

** *Skip certificate validation* : Migrate without validating a CA certificate.
** *Use the system CA certificates*: Migrate after validating the system CA certificates.
** *Use a custom CA certificate*: Migrate after validating a custom CA certificate.

.. To skip certificate validation, select the *Skip certificate validation* check box.

> .. To validate the system CA certificates, leave the *Skip certificate validation* check box cleared and leave the *CA certificate* text box empty.

Reviewer: @qiyuann did you add the certificate to the system pool (to the node)? AFAIR @eslutsky verified this functionality with OpenStack, and the mechanism for RHV is similar

> .. To validate the system CA certificates, leave the *Skip certificate validation* check box cleared and leave the *CA certificate* text box empty.

Reviewer 2: @qiyuann hi, i'm currently reviewing this text and saw this question,
after flowing @ahadas instructions, does it work ?

maybe we need to document that we need to:
> did you add the certificate to the system pool (to the node)?

> .. To validate the system CA certificates, leave the *Skip certificate validation* check box cleared and leave the *CA certificate* text box empty.

Reviewer 5: @ahadas Do you mean to add the RHV certificate to /etc/pki/ca-trust/source/anchors/ on the node, and run update-ca-trust? I did so, but still can't create RHV provider with empty cacert.

> .. To validate the system CA certificates, leave the *Skip certificate validation* check box cleared and leave the *CA certificate* text box empty.

Reviewer: @qiyuann ok, the certificate authorities don't propagate from the node as I thought, and it's not that simple to add certificates to the system pol, see: https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/networking/configuring-a-custom-pki.html
so yeah, even though we have the ability to consume system certificates, if this only applies to certificates that are built in into the image then there's not much value in it and we probably shouldn't document it...

> .. To validate the system CA certificates, leave the *Skip certificate validation* check box cleared and leave the *CA certificate* text box empty.

Reviewer: > and we probably shouldn't document it...

I'm not sure about that one actually -
on the one hand, the code supports it and it seems that with a cluster proxy we can provide a custom CA but on the other hand, we didn't test it properly and we'll get reports on this functionality..
when we have three options: not to validate the certificate, customer certificate and system certificate - it's easy to drop the last one
when there are only two, not to validate the certificate and system certificate, for vsphere - it's more problematic but if in practice we didn't test the connectivity with a certificate, and I understand it has not been verified before MTV as well, then it looks like we better drop it this option and instruct to always skip the certificate check..
@qiyuann @yaacov what do you think?

> .. To validate the system CA certificates, leave the *Skip certificate validation* check box cleared and leave the *CA certificate* text box empty.

Author: @ahadas From a documentation standpoint, I can say the feature is for future use and users should select the checkbox BUT I'm not sure how great an idea that is, especially since we have this feature or something close to it in 2.4. https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/migration_toolkit_for_virtualization/2.4/html-single/installing_and_using_the_migration_toolkit_for_virtualization/index#migrating-vms-web-console

Maybe instead, leave the documentation and add some type of note saying it might not work in some cases (help me with the details, if this sounds correct). @anarnold97  keep me honest, please...

> .. To validate the system CA certificates, leave the *Skip certificate validation* check box cleared and leave the *CA certificate* text box empty.

Reviewer: @RichardHoch you're correct that this also applies to vSphere providers in MTV 2.4
so maybe we can just drop this option for RHV..

.. To validate a custom CA certificate, leave the *Skip certificate validation* check box cleared and _either_ drag the CA certificate to the text box _or_ browse for it and click *Select*.

endif::[]
ifdef::ova[]
. Click *Open Virtual Appliance (OVA)*.
. Specify the following fields:

* *Provider resource name*: Name to display in the list of providers
* *URL*: URL of the NFS file share that serves the OVA
endif::[]
ifdef::ostack[]
. Click *OpenStack*.
. Specify the following fields:

* *Provider resource name*: Name to display in the list of providers.
* *URL*: {osp} Identity (Keystone) endpoint, for example, `http://controller:5000/v3`.
* *Authentication type*: Choose one of the following methods of authentication and supply the information related to your choice. For example, if you choose *Application credential ID* as the authentication type, the *Application credential ID* and the *Application credential secret* fields become active, and you need to supply the ID and the secret.

** *Application credential ID*
*** *Application credential ID*: {osp} application credential ID

> *** *Application credential secret*: {osp} ahttps://github.com/kubev2v/forklift-documentation/pull/402pplication credential `Secret`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
*** *Application credential secret*: {osp} https://github.com/kubev2v/forklift-documentation/pull/402pplication credential `Secret`
```

Please can I flag in case you mean **https**

*** *Token*: {osp} token
*** *Username*: {osp} username
*** *Project*: {osp} project
*** *Domain name*: {osp} domain name

** *Password*
*** *Username*: {osp} username
*** *Password*: {osp} password
*** *Project*: {osp} project
*** *Domain*: {osp} domain

. Choose one of the following options for validating CA certificates:

** *Skip certificate validation* : Migrate without validating a CA certificate.
** *Use the system CA certificates*: Migrate after validating the system CA certificates.
** *Use a custom CA certificate*: Migrate after validating a custom CA certificate.

.. To skip certificate validation, select the *Skip certificate validation* check box.
.. To validate the system CA certificates, leave the *Skip certificate validation* check box cleared and leave the *CA certificate* text box empty.
.. To validate a custom CA certificate, leave the *Skip certificate validation* check box cleared and _either_ drag the CA certificate to the text box _or_ browse for it and click *Select*.
endif::[]
ifdef::cnv[]
. Click *{virt}*.
. Specify the following fields:

* *Provider resource name*: Name to display in the list of providers
* *URL*: Endpoint of the API server

> * *Service account bearer token*: User or server account bearer token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Service account bearer token*: User or service account bearer token
```

endif::[]
ifdef::cnv2[]
. Click *{virt}*.
. Specify the following fields:

* *Provider resource name*: Name to display in the list of providers
* *URL*: Endpoint of the API server

> * *Service account bearer token*: User or server account bearer token

Reviewer: @bennyz we should limit this to admin account, no?

endif::[]

. Click *Create* to add and save the provider.
+

> The source provider appears in the list of providers.

Reviewer: the problem in MTV is that the destination provider seems to be similar to source-providers - and we've already got questions like "can we migrate to OpenStack?", "can we add OVA as a destination provider?"
combining both sections to a single `Adding an OpenShift Virtualization` provider could hide the fact that only OpenShift Virtualization can be defined as a destination provider so I wouldn't do that but we can elaborate on the fact that the same provider can serve as both source and destination provider, on the 'Host cluster', etc

> The source provider appears in the list of providers.

Author: I removed the word "source" from the sentence to avoid having to add another layer of complexity to the file.

ifdef::ova[]
+
[NOTE]
====

> A error message might appear that states that an error has occured. You can ignore this message.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
An error message might appear that states that an error has occurred. You can ignore this message.
```

* {manager} CA certificate, unless it was replaced by a third-party certificate, in which case, specify the {manager} Apache CA certificate
endif::[]
ifdef::ova[]
= Adding an Open Virtual Appliance (OVA) source provider

You can add Open Virtual Appliance (OVA) files that were created by VMware vSphere as a source provider by using the {ocp} web console.

include::snippet_ova_tech_preview.adoc[]
endif::[]
ifdef::ostack[]
= Adding an {osp} source provider

You can add an {osp} source provider by using the {ocp} web console.

[NOTE]
====
Migration using {osp} source providers only supports VMs that use only Cinder volumes.
====
endif::[]
ifdef::cnv[]

> = Adding a Red Hat {virt} source provider

Reviewer 2: `Red Hat {virt}` looks like oVirt/RHV , we are talking about Openshift Virtualization (OCP/Kubevirt) right ?

@ahadas @RichardHoch ^^

Reviewer: yes, {virt} refers to OpenShift Virtualization

Author: @yaacov Good question.  The attributes are rendered in the previews, so you can always check there to how they look in the final version -- in fact, it's a good idea to check there, too, since that will keep me honest.

You can use a Red Hat {virt} provider as both a source provider and destination provider.

> Specifically, the host cluster that is automatically added to a {virt} provider can be used as both a source procider and a destination provider.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Specifically, the host cluster that is automatically added to a {virt} provider can be used as both a source provider and a destination provider.
```

typo

Reviewer: also `to a {virt} provider`?

> You can migrate VMs from the cluster that {project-short} is deployed on to another cluster or from a remote cluster to the cluster that {project-short} is deployed on.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can migrate VMs from the cluster that {project-short} is deployed on to another cluster, or from a remote cluster to the cluster that {project-short} is deployed on.
```

Author: Fixed.

endif::[]
ifdef::cnv2[]
= Adding {a-virt} destination provider

You can use a Red Hat {virt} provider as both a source provider and destination provider.

> Specifically, the host cluster that is automatically added to a {virt} provider can be used as both a source provider and a destination provider.

Reviewer: "added to a {virt} provider} doesn't sound right, should probably be "added as a {virt} provider" or "added to MTV"

> You can also add another {virt} destination provider to the {ocp} web console in addition to the default {virt} destination provider, which is the provider where you installed {project-short}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also add another {virt} destination provider to the {ocp} web console in addition to the default {virt} destination provider, which is the cluster where you installed {project-short}.
```
?

Author: Yeah, that's what i was thinking...changed.

Author: Fixed

> You can migrate VMs from the cluster that {project-short} is deployed on to another cluster or from a remote cluster to the cluster that {project-short} is deployed on.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
You can migrate VMs from the cluster that {project-short} is deployed on to another cluster, or from a remote cluster to the cluster that {project-short} is deployed on.
```

.Prerequisites

* You must have {a-virt} link:https://access.redhat.com/documentation/en-us/openshift_container_platform/{ocp-version}/html/authentication_and_authorization/using-service-accounts[service account token] with `cluster-admin` privileges.
endif::[]

.Procedure

. In the {ocp} web console, click *Migration* -> *Providers for virtualization*.
. Click *Create Provider*.
ifdef::vmware[]
. Click *vSphere*.
. Specify the following fields:

> * *Provider resource name*: Name to display in the list of providers.

Reviewer 2: @ahadas question, we say here "Name to display in the list of providers" this is true, this is the name we will display, but IMHO it's more important to say that this is the k8s object name, WDYT ?

Reviewer 2: note: if we update the text here, we need to update in all the providers as well

Reviewer: yeah, mentioning the k8s object is maybe too detailed - but it's not only about displaying the UI as you say
@RichardHoch how about replacing it with somethig like "The name of the source provider"?

Author: Good point! Replaced throughout with "Name of the source provider" In this case, I'm using a sentence fragment on purpose.

. Specify the following fields:

* *Provider resource name*: Name of the source provider
* *URL*: URL of the NFS file share that serves the OVA
endif::[]
ifdef::ostack[]
. Click *OpenStack*.
. Specify the following fields:

* *Provider resource name*: Name of the source provider.
* *URL*: {osp} Identity (Keystone) endpoint, for example, `http://controller:5000/v3`.
* *Authentication type*: Choose one of the following methods of authentication and supply the information related to your choice. For example, if you choose *Application credential ID* as the authentication type, the *Application credential ID* and the *Application credential secret* fields become active, and you need to supply the ID and the secret.

** *Application credential ID*
*** *Application credential ID*: {osp} application credential ID
*** *Application credential secret*: {osp} https://github.com/kubev2v/forklift-documentation/pull/402pplication credential `Secret`

** *Application credential name*
*** *Application credential name*: {osp} application credential name
*** *Application credential secret*: : {osp} application credential `Secret`
*** *Username*: {osp} username

> *** *Domain*: {osp} domaina error

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
*** *Domain*: {osp} domain error
```

Author: @anarnold97 Good catch -- "domain error," even properly spelled, makes no sense. Changed to "{osp} domain name" like the others.

*** *Token*: {osp} token
*** *Username*: {osp} username
*** *Project*: {osp} project
*** *Domain name*: {osp} domain name

** *Password*
*** *Username*: {osp} username
*** *Password*: {osp} password
*** *Project*: {osp} project
*** *Domain*: {osp} domain name

. Choose one of the following options for validating CA certificates:

** *Skip certificate validation* : Migrate without validating a CA certificate.
** *Use the system CA certificates*: Migrate after validating the system CA certificates.
** *Use a custom CA certificate*: Migrate after validating a custom CA certificate.

.. To skip certificate validation, select the *Skip certificate validation* check box.
.. To validate the system CA certificates, leave the *Skip certificate validation* check box cleared and leave the *CA certificate* text box empty.
.. To validate a custom CA certificate, leave the *Skip certificate validation* check box cleared and _either_ drag the CA certificate to the text box _or_ browse for it and click *Select*.
endif::[]
ifdef::cnv[]
. Click *{virt}*.
. Specify the following fields:

* *Provider resource name*: Name of the source provider
* *URL*: Endpoint of the API server

> * *Service account bearer token*: Token for a service account that is assigned `cluster-admin` permissions

Reviewer: I see we write "You must have an OpenShift Virtualization service account token with cluster-admin privileges." above so maybe it's better to phrase it as
```suggestion
* *Service account bearer token*: Token for a service account with `cluster-admin` privileges
```
but that's a phrasing thingie, I'll let you to decide on

Author: Done.

+
If both *URL* and *Service account bearer token* are left blank, the local {ocp-short} cluster is used.
endif::[]
ifdef::cnv2[]
. Click *{virt}*.
. Specify the following fields:

* *Provider resource name*: Name of the source provider
* *URL*: Endpoint of the API server

> * *Service account bearer token*: The `cluster-admin` service account token.

Reviewer: this phrasing makes it look like there's a predefined service account named `cluster-admin`
how about replacing it with something like "Token for a service account that is assigned with `cluster-admin` permissions"?
